[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[python-newest.about]
trans.zh_CN = about.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.bugs]
trans.zh_CN = bugs.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--abstract]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/abstract.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--allocation]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/allocation.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--apiabiversion]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/apiabiversion.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--arg]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/arg.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--bool]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/bool.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--buffer]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/buffer.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--bytearray]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/bytearray.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--bytes]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/bytes.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--call]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/call.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--capsule]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/capsule.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--cell]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/cell.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--code]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/code.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--codec]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/codec.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--complex]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/complex.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--concrete]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/concrete.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--contextvars]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/contextvars.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--conversion]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/conversion.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--coro]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/coro.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--datetime]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/datetime.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--descriptor]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/descriptor.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--dict]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/dict.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--exceptions]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/exceptions.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--file]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/file.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--float]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/float.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--function]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/function.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--gcsupport]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/gcsupport.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--gen]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/gen.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--import]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/import.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--index]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/index.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--init]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/init.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--init_config]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/init_config.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--intro]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/intro.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--iter]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/iter.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--iterator]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/iterator.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--list]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/list.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--long]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/long.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--mapping]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/mapping.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--marshal]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/marshal.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--memory]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/memory.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--memoryview]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/memoryview.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--method]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/method.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--module]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/module.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--none]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/none.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--number]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/number.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--objbuffer]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/objbuffer.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--object]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/object.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--objimpl]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/objimpl.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--refcounting]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/refcounting.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--reflection]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/reflection.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--sequence]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/sequence.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--set]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/set.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--slice]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/slice.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--stable]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/stable.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--structures]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/structures.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--sys]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/sys.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--tuple]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/tuple.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--type]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/type.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--typehints]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/typehints.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--typeobj]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/typeobj.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--unicode]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/unicode.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--utilities]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/utilities.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--veryhigh]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/veryhigh.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.c-api--weakref]
trans.zh_CN = c-api/weakref.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.contents]
trans.zh_CN = contents.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.copyright]
trans.zh_CN = copyright.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.distributing--index]
trans.zh_CN = distributing/index.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.distutils--_setuptools_disclaimer]
trans.zh_CN = distutils/_setuptools_disclaimer.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.distutils--apiref]
trans.zh_CN = distutils/apiref.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.distutils--builtdist]
trans.zh_CN = distutils/builtdist.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.distutils--commandref]
trans.zh_CN = distutils/commandref.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.distutils--configfile]
trans.zh_CN = distutils/configfile.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.distutils--examples]
trans.zh_CN = distutils/examples.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.distutils--extending]
trans.zh_CN = distutils/extending.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.distutils--index]
trans.zh_CN = distutils/index.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.distutils--introduction]
trans.zh_CN = distutils/introduction.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.distutils--packageindex]
trans.zh_CN = distutils/packageindex.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.distutils--setupscript]
trans.zh_CN = distutils/setupscript.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.distutils--sourcedist]
trans.zh_CN = distutils/sourcedist.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.distutils--uploading]
trans.zh_CN = distutils/uploading.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.extending--building]
trans.zh_CN = extending/building.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.extending--embedding]
trans.zh_CN = extending/embedding.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.extending--extending]
trans.zh_CN = extending/extending.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.extending--index]
trans.zh_CN = extending/index.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.extending--newtypes]
trans.zh_CN = extending/newtypes.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.extending--newtypes_tutorial]
trans.zh_CN = extending/newtypes_tutorial.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.extending--windows]
trans.zh_CN = extending/windows.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.faq--design]
trans.zh_CN = faq/design.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.faq--extending]
trans.zh_CN = faq/extending.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.faq--general]
trans.zh_CN = faq/general.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.faq--gui]
trans.zh_CN = faq/gui.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.faq--index]
trans.zh_CN = faq/index.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.faq--installed]
trans.zh_CN = faq/installed.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.faq--library]
trans.zh_CN = faq/library.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.faq--programming]
trans.zh_CN = faq/programming.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.faq--windows]
trans.zh_CN = faq/windows.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.glossary_]
trans.zh_CN = glossary.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.howto--annotations]
trans.zh_CN = howto/annotations.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.howto--argparse]
trans.zh_CN = howto/argparse.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.howto--clinic]
trans.zh_CN = howto/clinic.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.howto--cporting]
trans.zh_CN = howto/cporting.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.howto--curses]
trans.zh_CN = howto/curses.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.howto--descriptor]
trans.zh_CN = howto/descriptor.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.howto--functional]
trans.zh_CN = howto/functional.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.howto--index]
trans.zh_CN = howto/index.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.howto--instrumentation]
trans.zh_CN = howto/instrumentation.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.howto--ipaddress]
trans.zh_CN = howto/ipaddress.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.howto--logging]
trans.zh_CN = howto/logging.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.howto--logging-cookbook]
trans.zh_CN = howto/logging-cookbook.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.howto--pyporting]
trans.zh_CN = howto/pyporting.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.howto--regex]
trans.zh_CN = howto/regex.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.howto--sockets]
trans.zh_CN = howto/sockets.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.howto--sorting]
trans.zh_CN = howto/sorting.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.howto--unicode]
trans.zh_CN = howto/unicode.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.howto--urllib2]
trans.zh_CN = howto/urllib2.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.install--index]
trans.zh_CN = install/index.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.installing--index]
trans.zh_CN = installing/index.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--2to3]
trans.zh_CN = library/2to3.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--__future__]
trans.zh_CN = library/__future__.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--__main__]
trans.zh_CN = library/__main__.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--_thread]
trans.zh_CN = library/_thread.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--abc]
trans.zh_CN = library/abc.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--aifc]
trans.zh_CN = library/aifc.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--allos]
trans.zh_CN = library/allos.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--archiving]
trans.zh_CN = library/archiving.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--argparse]
trans.zh_CN = library/argparse.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--array]
trans.zh_CN = library/array.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--ast]
trans.zh_CN = library/ast.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--asynchat]
trans.zh_CN = library/asynchat.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--asyncio]
trans.zh_CN = library/asyncio.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--asyncio-api-index]
trans.zh_CN = library/asyncio-api-index.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--asyncio-dev]
trans.zh_CN = library/asyncio-dev.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--asyncio-eventloop]
trans.zh_CN = library/asyncio-eventloop.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--asyncio-exceptions]
trans.zh_CN = library/asyncio-exceptions.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--asyncio-future]
trans.zh_CN = library/asyncio-future.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--asyncio-llapi-index]
trans.zh_CN = library/asyncio-llapi-index.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--asyncio-platforms]
trans.zh_CN = library/asyncio-platforms.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--asyncio-policy]
trans.zh_CN = library/asyncio-policy.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--asyncio-protocol]
trans.zh_CN = library/asyncio-protocol.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--asyncio-queue]
trans.zh_CN = library/asyncio-queue.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--asyncio-stream]
trans.zh_CN = library/asyncio-stream.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--asyncio-subprocess]
trans.zh_CN = library/asyncio-subprocess.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--asyncio-sync]
trans.zh_CN = library/asyncio-sync.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--asyncio-task]
trans.zh_CN = library/asyncio-task.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--asyncore]
trans.zh_CN = library/asyncore.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--atexit]
trans.zh_CN = library/atexit.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--audioop]
trans.zh_CN = library/audioop.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--audit_events]
trans.zh_CN = library/audit_events.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--base64]
trans.zh_CN = library/base64.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--bdb]
trans.zh_CN = library/bdb.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--binary]
trans.zh_CN = library/binary.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--binascii]
trans.zh_CN = library/binascii.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--binhex]
trans.zh_CN = library/binhex.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--bisect]
trans.zh_CN = library/bisect.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--builtins]
trans.zh_CN = library/builtins.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--bz2]
trans.zh_CN = library/bz2.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--calendar]
trans.zh_CN = library/calendar.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--cgi]
trans.zh_CN = library/cgi.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--cgitb]
trans.zh_CN = library/cgitb.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--chunk]
trans.zh_CN = library/chunk.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--cmath]
trans.zh_CN = library/cmath.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--cmd]
trans.zh_CN = library/cmd.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--code]
trans.zh_CN = library/code.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--codecs]
trans.zh_CN = library/codecs.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--codeop]
trans.zh_CN = library/codeop.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--collections]
trans.zh_CN = library/collections.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--collections_abc]
trans.zh_CN = library/collections.abc.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--colorsys]
trans.zh_CN = library/colorsys.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--compileall]
trans.zh_CN = library/compileall.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--concurrency]
trans.zh_CN = library/concurrency.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--concurrent]
trans.zh_CN = library/concurrent.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--concurrent_futures]
trans.zh_CN = library/concurrent.futures.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--configparser]
trans.zh_CN = library/configparser.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--constants]
trans.zh_CN = library/constants.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--contextlib]
trans.zh_CN = library/contextlib.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--contextvars]
trans.zh_CN = library/contextvars.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--copy]
trans.zh_CN = library/copy.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--copyreg]
trans.zh_CN = library/copyreg.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--crypt]
trans.zh_CN = library/crypt.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--crypto]
trans.zh_CN = library/crypto.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--csv]
trans.zh_CN = library/csv.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--ctypes]
trans.zh_CN = library/ctypes.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--curses]
trans.zh_CN = library/curses.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--curses_ascii]
trans.zh_CN = library/curses.ascii.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--curses_panel]
trans.zh_CN = library/curses.panel.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--custominterp]
trans.zh_CN = library/custominterp.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--dataclasses]
trans.zh_CN = library/dataclasses.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--datatypes]
trans.zh_CN = library/datatypes.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--datetime]
trans.zh_CN = library/datetime.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--dbm]
trans.zh_CN = library/dbm.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--debug]
trans.zh_CN = library/debug.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--decimal]
trans.zh_CN = library/decimal.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--development]
trans.zh_CN = library/development.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--devmode]
trans.zh_CN = library/devmode.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--dialog]
trans.zh_CN = library/dialog.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--difflib]
trans.zh_CN = library/difflib.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--dis]
trans.zh_CN = library/dis.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--distribution]
trans.zh_CN = library/distribution.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--distutils]
trans.zh_CN = library/distutils.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--doctest]
trans.zh_CN = library/doctest.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--email]
trans.zh_CN = library/email.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--email_charset]
trans.zh_CN = library/email.charset.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--email_compat32-message]
trans.zh_CN = library/email.compat32-message.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--email_contentmanager]
trans.zh_CN = library/email.contentmanager.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--email_encoders]
trans.zh_CN = library/email.encoders.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--email_errors]
trans.zh_CN = library/email.errors.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--email_examples]
trans.zh_CN = library/email.examples.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--email_generator]
trans.zh_CN = library/email.generator.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--email_header]
trans.zh_CN = library/email.header.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--email_headerregistry]
trans.zh_CN = library/email.headerregistry.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--email_iterators]
trans.zh_CN = library/email.iterators.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--email_message]
trans.zh_CN = library/email.message.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--email_mime]
trans.zh_CN = library/email.mime.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--email_parser]
trans.zh_CN = library/email.parser.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--email_policy]
trans.zh_CN = library/email.policy.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--email_utils]
trans.zh_CN = library/email.utils.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--ensurepip]
trans.zh_CN = library/ensurepip.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--enum]
trans.zh_CN = library/enum.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--errno]
trans.zh_CN = library/errno.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--exceptions]
trans.zh_CN = library/exceptions.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--faulthandler]
trans.zh_CN = library/faulthandler.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--fcntl]
trans.zh_CN = library/fcntl.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--filecmp]
trans.zh_CN = library/filecmp.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--fileformats]
trans.zh_CN = library/fileformats.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--fileinput]
trans.zh_CN = library/fileinput.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--filesys]
trans.zh_CN = library/filesys.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--fnmatch]
trans.zh_CN = library/fnmatch.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--fractions]
trans.zh_CN = library/fractions.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--frameworks]
trans.zh_CN = library/frameworks.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--ftplib]
trans.zh_CN = library/ftplib.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--functional]
trans.zh_CN = library/functional.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--functions]
trans.zh_CN = library/functions.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--functools]
trans.zh_CN = library/functools.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--gc]
trans.zh_CN = library/gc.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--getopt]
trans.zh_CN = library/getopt.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--getpass]
trans.zh_CN = library/getpass.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--gettext]
trans.zh_CN = library/gettext.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--glob]
trans.zh_CN = library/glob.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--graphlib]
trans.zh_CN = library/graphlib.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--grp]
trans.zh_CN = library/grp.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--gzip]
trans.zh_CN = library/gzip.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--hashlib]
trans.zh_CN = library/hashlib.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--heapq]
trans.zh_CN = library/heapq.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--hmac]
trans.zh_CN = library/hmac.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--html]
trans.zh_CN = library/html.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--html_entities]
trans.zh_CN = library/html.entities.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--html_parser]
trans.zh_CN = library/html.parser.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--http]
trans.zh_CN = library/http.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--http_client]
trans.zh_CN = library/http.client.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--http_cookiejar]
trans.zh_CN = library/http.cookiejar.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--http_cookies]
trans.zh_CN = library/http.cookies.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--http_server]
trans.zh_CN = library/http.server.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--i18n]
trans.zh_CN = library/i18n.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--idle]
trans.zh_CN = library/idle.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--imaplib]
trans.zh_CN = library/imaplib.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--imghdr]
trans.zh_CN = library/imghdr.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--imp]
trans.zh_CN = library/imp.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--importlib]
trans.zh_CN = library/importlib.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--importlib_metadata]
trans.zh_CN = library/importlib.metadata.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--index]
trans.zh_CN = library/index.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--inspect]
trans.zh_CN = library/inspect.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--internet]
trans.zh_CN = library/internet.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--intro]
trans.zh_CN = library/intro.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--io]
trans.zh_CN = library/io.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--ipaddress]
trans.zh_CN = library/ipaddress.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--ipc]
trans.zh_CN = library/ipc.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--itertools]
trans.zh_CN = library/itertools.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--json]
trans.zh_CN = library/json.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--keyword]
trans.zh_CN = library/keyword.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--language]
trans.zh_CN = library/language.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--linecache]
trans.zh_CN = library/linecache.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--locale]
trans.zh_CN = library/locale.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--logging]
trans.zh_CN = library/logging.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--logging_config]
trans.zh_CN = library/logging.config.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--logging_handlers]
trans.zh_CN = library/logging.handlers.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--lzma]
trans.zh_CN = library/lzma.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--mailbox]
trans.zh_CN = library/mailbox.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--mailcap]
trans.zh_CN = library/mailcap.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--markup]
trans.zh_CN = library/markup.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--marshal]
trans.zh_CN = library/marshal.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--math]
trans.zh_CN = library/math.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--mimetypes]
trans.zh_CN = library/mimetypes.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--mm]
trans.zh_CN = library/mm.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--mmap]
trans.zh_CN = library/mmap.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--modulefinder]
trans.zh_CN = library/modulefinder.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--modules]
trans.zh_CN = library/modules.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--msilib]
trans.zh_CN = library/msilib.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--msvcrt]
trans.zh_CN = library/msvcrt.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--multiprocessing]
trans.zh_CN = library/multiprocessing.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--multiprocessing_shared_memory]
trans.zh_CN = library/multiprocessing.shared_memory.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--netdata]
trans.zh_CN = library/netdata.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--netrc]
trans.zh_CN = library/netrc.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--nis]
trans.zh_CN = library/nis.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--nntplib]
trans.zh_CN = library/nntplib.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--numbers]
trans.zh_CN = library/numbers.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--numeric]
trans.zh_CN = library/numeric.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--operator]
trans.zh_CN = library/operator.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--optparse]
trans.zh_CN = library/optparse.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--os]
trans.zh_CN = library/os.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--os_path]
trans.zh_CN = library/os.path.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--ossaudiodev]
trans.zh_CN = library/ossaudiodev.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--othergui]
trans.zh_CN = library/othergui.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--pathlib]
trans.zh_CN = library/pathlib.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--pdb]
trans.zh_CN = library/pdb.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--persistence]
trans.zh_CN = library/persistence.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--pickle]
trans.zh_CN = library/pickle.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--pickletools]
trans.zh_CN = library/pickletools.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--pipes]
trans.zh_CN = library/pipes.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--pkgutil]
trans.zh_CN = library/pkgutil.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--platform]
trans.zh_CN = library/platform.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--plistlib]
trans.zh_CN = library/plistlib.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--poplib]
trans.zh_CN = library/poplib.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--posix]
trans.zh_CN = library/posix.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--pprint]
trans.zh_CN = library/pprint.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--profile]
trans.zh_CN = library/profile.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--pty]
trans.zh_CN = library/pty.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--pwd]
trans.zh_CN = library/pwd.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--py_compile]
trans.zh_CN = library/py_compile.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--pyclbr]
trans.zh_CN = library/pyclbr.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--pydoc]
trans.zh_CN = library/pydoc.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--pyexpat]
trans.zh_CN = library/pyexpat.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--python]
trans.zh_CN = library/python.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--queue]
trans.zh_CN = library/queue.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--quopri]
trans.zh_CN = library/quopri.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--random]
trans.zh_CN = library/random.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--re]
trans.zh_CN = library/re.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--readline]
trans.zh_CN = library/readline.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--reprlib]
trans.zh_CN = library/reprlib.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--resource]
trans.zh_CN = library/resource.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--rlcompleter]
trans.zh_CN = library/rlcompleter.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--runpy]
trans.zh_CN = library/runpy.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--sched]
trans.zh_CN = library/sched.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--secrets]
trans.zh_CN = library/secrets.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--select]
trans.zh_CN = library/select.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--selectors]
trans.zh_CN = library/selectors.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--shelve]
trans.zh_CN = library/shelve.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--shlex]
trans.zh_CN = library/shlex.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--shutil]
trans.zh_CN = library/shutil.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--signal]
trans.zh_CN = library/signal.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--site]
trans.zh_CN = library/site.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--smtpd]
trans.zh_CN = library/smtpd.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--smtplib]
trans.zh_CN = library/smtplib.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--sndhdr]
trans.zh_CN = library/sndhdr.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--socket]
trans.zh_CN = library/socket.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--socketserver]
trans.zh_CN = library/socketserver.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--spwd]
trans.zh_CN = library/spwd.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--sqlite3]
trans.zh_CN = library/sqlite3.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--ssl]
trans.zh_CN = library/ssl.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--stat]
trans.zh_CN = library/stat.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--statistics]
trans.zh_CN = library/statistics.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--stdtypes]
trans.zh_CN = library/stdtypes.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--string]
trans.zh_CN = library/string.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--stringprep]
trans.zh_CN = library/stringprep.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--struct]
trans.zh_CN = library/struct.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--subprocess]
trans.zh_CN = library/subprocess.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--sunau]
trans.zh_CN = library/sunau.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--superseded]
trans.zh_CN = library/superseded.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--symtable]
trans.zh_CN = library/symtable.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--sys]
trans.zh_CN = library/sys.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--sysconfig]
trans.zh_CN = library/sysconfig.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--syslog]
trans.zh_CN = library/syslog.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--tabnanny]
trans.zh_CN = library/tabnanny.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--tarfile]
trans.zh_CN = library/tarfile.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--telnetlib]
trans.zh_CN = library/telnetlib.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--tempfile]
trans.zh_CN = library/tempfile.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--termios]
trans.zh_CN = library/termios.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--test]
trans.zh_CN = library/test.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--text]
trans.zh_CN = library/text.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--textwrap]
trans.zh_CN = library/textwrap.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--threading]
trans.zh_CN = library/threading.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--time]
trans.zh_CN = library/time.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--timeit]
trans.zh_CN = library/timeit.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--tk]
trans.zh_CN = library/tk.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--tkinter]
trans.zh_CN = library/tkinter.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--tkinter_colorchooser]
trans.zh_CN = library/tkinter.colorchooser.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--tkinter_dnd]
trans.zh_CN = library/tkinter.dnd.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--tkinter_font]
trans.zh_CN = library/tkinter.font.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--tkinter_messagebox]
trans.zh_CN = library/tkinter.messagebox.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--tkinter_scrolledtext]
trans.zh_CN = library/tkinter.scrolledtext.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--tkinter_tix]
trans.zh_CN = library/tkinter.tix.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--tkinter_ttk]
trans.zh_CN = library/tkinter.ttk.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--token]
trans.zh_CN = library/token.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--tokenize]
trans.zh_CN = library/tokenize.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--trace]
trans.zh_CN = library/trace.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--traceback]
trans.zh_CN = library/traceback.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--tracemalloc]
trans.zh_CN = library/tracemalloc.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--tty]
trans.zh_CN = library/tty.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--turtle]
trans.zh_CN = library/turtle.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--types]
trans.zh_CN = library/types.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--typing]
trans.zh_CN = library/typing.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--undoc]
trans.zh_CN = library/undoc.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--unicodedata]
trans.zh_CN = library/unicodedata.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--unittest]
trans.zh_CN = library/unittest.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--unittest_mock]
trans.zh_CN = library/unittest.mock.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--unittest_mock-examples]
trans.zh_CN = library/unittest.mock-examples.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--unix]
trans.zh_CN = library/unix.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--urllib]
trans.zh_CN = library/urllib.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--urllib_error]
trans.zh_CN = library/urllib.error.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--urllib_parse]
trans.zh_CN = library/urllib.parse.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--urllib_request]
trans.zh_CN = library/urllib.request.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--urllib_robotparser]
trans.zh_CN = library/urllib.robotparser.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--uu]
trans.zh_CN = library/uu.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--uuid]
trans.zh_CN = library/uuid.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--venv]
trans.zh_CN = library/venv.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--warnings]
trans.zh_CN = library/warnings.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--wave]
trans.zh_CN = library/wave.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--weakref]
trans.zh_CN = library/weakref.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--webbrowser]
trans.zh_CN = library/webbrowser.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--windows]
trans.zh_CN = library/windows.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--winreg]
trans.zh_CN = library/winreg.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--winsound]
trans.zh_CN = library/winsound.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--wsgiref]
trans.zh_CN = library/wsgiref.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--xdrlib]
trans.zh_CN = library/xdrlib.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--xml]
trans.zh_CN = library/xml.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--xml_dom]
trans.zh_CN = library/xml.dom.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--xml_dom_minidom]
trans.zh_CN = library/xml.dom.minidom.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--xml_dom_pulldom]
trans.zh_CN = library/xml.dom.pulldom.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--xml_etree_elementtree]
trans.zh_CN = library/xml.etree.elementtree.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--xml_sax]
trans.zh_CN = library/xml.sax.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--xml_sax_handler]
trans.zh_CN = library/xml.sax.handler.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--xml_sax_reader]
trans.zh_CN = library/xml.sax.reader.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--xml_sax_utils]
trans.zh_CN = library/xml.sax.utils.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--xmlrpc]
trans.zh_CN = library/xmlrpc.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--xmlrpc_client]
trans.zh_CN = library/xmlrpc.client.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--xmlrpc_server]
trans.zh_CN = library/xmlrpc.server.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--zipapp]
trans.zh_CN = library/zipapp.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--zipfile]
trans.zh_CN = library/zipfile.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--zipimport]
trans.zh_CN = library/zipimport.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--zlib]
trans.zh_CN = library/zlib.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.library--zoneinfo]
trans.zh_CN = library/zoneinfo.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.license]
trans.zh_CN = license.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.reference--compound_stmts]
trans.zh_CN = reference/compound_stmts.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.reference--datamodel]
trans.zh_CN = reference/datamodel.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.reference--executionmodel]
trans.zh_CN = reference/executionmodel.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.reference--expressions]
trans.zh_CN = reference/expressions.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.reference--grammar]
trans.zh_CN = reference/grammar.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.reference--import]
trans.zh_CN = reference/import.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.reference--index]
trans.zh_CN = reference/index.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.reference--introduction]
trans.zh_CN = reference/introduction.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.reference--lexical_analysis]
trans.zh_CN = reference/lexical_analysis.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.reference--simple_stmts]
trans.zh_CN = reference/simple_stmts.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.reference--toplevel_components]
trans.zh_CN = reference/toplevel_components.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.sphinx]
trans.zh_CN = sphinx.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.tutorial--appendix]
trans.zh_CN = tutorial/appendix.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.tutorial--appetite]
trans.zh_CN = tutorial/appetite.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.tutorial--classes]
trans.zh_CN = tutorial/classes.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.tutorial--controlflow]
trans.zh_CN = tutorial/controlflow.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.tutorial--datastructures]
trans.zh_CN = tutorial/datastructures.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.tutorial--errors]
trans.zh_CN = tutorial/errors.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.tutorial--floatingpoint]
trans.zh_CN = tutorial/floatingpoint.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.tutorial--index]
trans.zh_CN = tutorial/index.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.tutorial--inputoutput]
trans.zh_CN = tutorial/inputoutput.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.tutorial--interactive]
trans.zh_CN = tutorial/interactive.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.tutorial--interpreter]
trans.zh_CN = tutorial/interpreter.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.tutorial--introduction]
trans.zh_CN = tutorial/introduction.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.tutorial--modules]
trans.zh_CN = tutorial/modules.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.tutorial--stdlib]
trans.zh_CN = tutorial/stdlib.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.tutorial--stdlib2]
trans.zh_CN = tutorial/stdlib2.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.tutorial--venv]
trans.zh_CN = tutorial/venv.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.tutorial--whatnow]
trans.zh_CN = tutorial/whatnow.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.using--cmdline]
trans.zh_CN = using/cmdline.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.using--configure]
trans.zh_CN = using/configure.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.using--editors]
trans.zh_CN = using/editors.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.using--index]
trans.zh_CN = using/index.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.using--mac]
trans.zh_CN = using/mac.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.using--unix]
trans.zh_CN = using/unix.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.using--windows]
trans.zh_CN = using/windows.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.whatsnew--2_0]
trans.zh_CN = whatsnew/2.0.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.whatsnew--2_1]
trans.zh_CN = whatsnew/2.1.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.whatsnew--2_2]
trans.zh_CN = whatsnew/2.2.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.whatsnew--2_3]
trans.zh_CN = whatsnew/2.3.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.whatsnew--2_4]
trans.zh_CN = whatsnew/2.4.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.whatsnew--2_5]
trans.zh_CN = whatsnew/2.5.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.whatsnew--2_6]
trans.zh_CN = whatsnew/2.6.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.whatsnew--2_7]
trans.zh_CN = whatsnew/2.7.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.whatsnew--3_0]
trans.zh_CN = whatsnew/3.0.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.whatsnew--3_1]
trans.zh_CN = whatsnew/3.1.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.whatsnew--3_10]
trans.zh_CN = whatsnew/3.10.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.whatsnew--3_2]
trans.zh_CN = whatsnew/3.2.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.whatsnew--3_3]
trans.zh_CN = whatsnew/3.3.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.whatsnew--3_4]
trans.zh_CN = whatsnew/3.4.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.whatsnew--3_5]
trans.zh_CN = whatsnew/3.5.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.whatsnew--3_6]
trans.zh_CN = whatsnew/3.6.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.whatsnew--3_7]
trans.zh_CN = whatsnew/3.7.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.whatsnew--3_8]
trans.zh_CN = whatsnew/3.8.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.whatsnew--3_9]
trans.zh_CN = whatsnew/3.9.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.whatsnew--changelog]
trans.zh_CN = whatsnew/changelog.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[python-newest.whatsnew--index]
trans.zh_CN = whatsnew/index.po
source_lang = en
type = PO
